Enrolling
=========

Getting Started
---------------

Begin by clicking the enrollment link sent to you by email or by going to the
Password Reset Server URL (\*see system administrator).

![](media/a45e2a79f5ee27c07961e5d194032f81.png)

Click **Enroll**, then select the domain that you normally log onto and enter
your current username and password. Click **Log In**.

![](media/27aa887810c6b533fc28adfb5e094954.png)

If you enter an incorrect username and/or password multiple times, you may be
required to complete a CAPTCHA challenge in order to log in or enroll.

![](media/dfd2de84fde45785456dafe08134197e.png)

If you continue entering an incorrect password for your username, your account
may be locked out and you will need to wait a period of time determined by your
administrator before you may attempt to log in or enroll again. If you are
already enrolled, you may go through the password reset process to unlock your
account.

User Information
----------------

Now you will start enrollment by answering the security questions as they appear
on screen (i.e. Question/Graphic/Phone).

![](media/ee292e52fe530528fad186c2d2e399b2.png)

![](media/58fa2d4129fee2d93120c8e7bd82afb5.png)

![](media/c48202d2fd96cefcd37c401561939104.png)

![](media/2f1599872d2f9591d64a60131a16b312.png)

Test Run
--------

Next, you may be prompted to go through a test run.

![](media/2fb7cb1a3da31c9dfb279e039ec4c729.png)

**Note** If you forget the answer to any question during the test run, you can
change the answer by clicking the **Change Answer** button.

Confirmation
------------

After successfully completing the test run, your identity will be confirmed and
you will be enrolled in Password Reset Server.

![](media/457c8b5098f1d55ccddd915a4b974872.png)

![](media/6b0fc3a90d3740e5e93b46d82ad051f8.png)

**Note** At this screen you will be able to see your security questions and
change your answers.

Resetting Your Password
=======================

Getting Started
---------------

To begin you can click on the **Forgot Password** button on the windows login
screen.

![](media/4d2cf8465b92472ed86ff55186ba971d.png)

*Windows 8 Login Integration*

You can also reset your password through the web interface by going to the
Password Reset Server URL (\*see system administrator) and clicking the **Reset
Password** button. You may receive reminder emails when your password is going
to expire.

![](media/a757d6b78ad51558d58ce686f39bc84b.png)

Answering Security Questions
----------------------------

Enter your username.

![](media/c5310078bf83e34b50a947e952419373.png)

Provide the answers to the security questions as they appear.

![](media/df3a060d05bf040597df021fdac4c67d.png)

![](media/c24b6d1c189c3bb2547271eb07fd6826.png)

![](media/5627780f40d68b44637428c2178c898f.png)

Confirmation
------------

After you have successfully answered your security questions, you will be
prompted to create a new password. If your administrator has allowed the option,
you will also be able to unlock your account without resetting your password. If
your account has been configured to allow reset of password in multiple systems,
you can select the systems on which you would like to reset your password.

![](media/9bcda07084576073b267935ea6da2bc6.png)

Once your password has been changed, close the window by clicking the **X**
button in the top-right corner of the window.

![](media/9fb6a71b831003777f429aa873e7fc26.png)

Log in to your account using the new password you created.

Offline Reset
-------------

Offline password reset allows you to reset your password when you are traveling
or not connected to the company domain.

To reset your password on your computer you will first need a reset code. You
can get your reset code by either calling the help desk, or logging into the
password reset server portal through your smartphone or an internet connected
computer.

To start the offline reset, click the Forgot Password icon on your computer
logon screen and click **Reset My Password Offline**

![](media/e5ceb1701ea3b398d69a862f3644dfd1.png)

You will be given an identification code to provide to the help desk or the
Password Reset Server website.

![](media/aa780bf5588c916c39a3b61e072cc5d7.png)

You can either call the help desk to get your offline reset code, or answer your
reset questions by navigating to the Password Reset Server website from your
phone or an internet connected computer.

### Web Portal

After answering your reset questions, expand the offline reset link to put in
your identification code.

![](media/b0fe1238f1ec28637c7bc781d3c9e8a0.png)

You will be given a reset code

![](media/1a086fafee8bc2b1358685b4665852d8.png)

Enter the reset code into the windows logon screen along with your new password

![](media/08dbcbb50a6b30d3015de31804b140b3.png)

After changing your password you will be able to log in as normal.
