[title]: # (5.0.3 Release)
[tags]: # (release notes)
[priority]: # (1096)

# Password Reset Server Release Notes 5.0.3

## Upgrade Notes

* Thycotic encourages all customers to upgrade to version 5.0.3 at their earliest opportunity.

* Security advisories are under review and will be published at the end of that review process. **THE LINK TO THAT ADVISORY WILL APPEAR HERE**.

* Thycotic thanks Brian Fox from Booze Allen Hamilton for identifying the security issues leading to this release.

## Security

### High Priority Security Fix

Addressed potential credential disclosure issues.

Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) v3.1:

* **Score**: 10 (Critical).

* **Vector**: AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H.

### Best Practices for Hardening PRS Communication to the LDAP Server

To prevent opening a security vulnerability for Password Reset Server, especially when PRS is installed in the DMZ or is exposed to the public internet, outgoing requests over ports 389 and 636 should be blocked by an outbound firewall rule, except those intended for the legitimate LDAP server.  

On the Password Reset Server host, this configuration can be accomplished by creating two custom outbound rules in a specific order. The order in which these rules are created and executed matters. You must create and execute the Allow rule first, and then create and execute the Block rule.  

1. **Allow**. First, create an outbound rule to allow PRS to connect to your internal LDAP server over LDAP Ports 389 and 636 only.

1. **Block**. Second, create a second outbound rule to block PRS from connecting to other LDAP servers/endpoints on LDAP Ports 389 and 636.

### Additional Fixes

Upgraded PRS Client to version 5.1.7. **NEED MORE DETAILS**

**OPEN QUESTIONS... DO WE NEED TO INCLUDE:**

1. **THE SECURITY ASSESSMENT REPORT?**
2. **ANY DETAILS ON THE ISSUES IN THE RELEASE NOTES?**
