[title]: # (Release Notes)
[tags]: # (release notes)
[priority]: # (1001)
# Password Reset Server Release Notes 5.2.0

## FEATURES

* Improved standardization around the Maximum login attempts message when users login fails beyond configured max attempts limit.
* Increased digit length for SMS PIN codes.
* Updated PRS installer file to run with modern wizard user flow.
* Fixed a vulnerability in GINA client which could lead to remote codeexecution and was only present if attacker had control over network communications.
* Fixed a vulnerability in GINA client which could lead to remote codeexecutionoSecurity, the issue was discovered by:

   * __Barrett Adams__ (Lead Researcher) of Specter Ops and __Rick Romo__, __Angel Flores__ and __Marcus Sailler__ of Capital Group Companies.

* CRC validation added to all resources downloaded by the client.

## BUG FIXES

* Resolved issue for UI dialog for Offline key rotation that caused the dialog to still be open after user interaction.
* Resolved an issue that returned a “Please wait” message if the new password and confirm password values didn’t match.
* Resolved issue that returned an error if the display name for a user contained “{“ or “}” characters when it tried to sync back with the system.
* Resolved issue that prevented user from logging when the Windows Login Integration client is configured but the SSL certificate for the PRS site is untrusted.
* Resolved an issue on the Application URL Configuration page where clicking on the “Back” button would redirect an Admin user to the wrong page.
