[title]: # (5.3.0 Release Notes)
[tags]: # (release notes)
[priority]: # (1096)

# Password Reset Server Release Notes 5.3.0

## Upgrade Notes

* Thycotic encourages all customers to upgrade to PRS 5.3.0, the newest version of Password Reset Server, at your earliest opportunity. To download the installation file, go to our [Support Community](https://thycotic.force.com/support/s/) page, log in, and click the Password Reset Server panel. Follow the prompts to navigate to the new download page, where you can choose to download an MSI file for automated installation, or a zip file for manual installation.

* We also recommend changing the password on your Domain Admin account used by PRS to connect to AD.

* Thycotic thanks Brian Fox from Booz Allen for identifying the security issues leading to this release.

## Security

### High Priority Security Fix

Addressed potential credential disclosure issues.

Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) v3.1:

* **Score**: 10 (Critical)

* [**Vector**: AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln-metrics/cvss/v3-calculator?vector=AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H.&version=3.1)

### Best Practices for Hardening PRS Communication to the LDAP Server

To prevent opening a security vulnerability for Password Reset Server, especially when PRS is installed in the DMZ or is exposed to the public internet, outgoing requests over ports 389 and 636 should be blocked by an outbound firewall rule, except those intended for the legitimate LDAP server.  

On the Password Reset Server host, this configuration can be accomplished by creating two custom outbound rules in a specific order. You must create and execute the **Allow** rule first, and then create and execute the **Block** rule.

1. **Allow**. First, create an outbound rule to allow PRS to connect to your internal LDAP server over LDAP ports 389 and 636 only.

1. **Block**. Then, create a second outbound rule to block PRS from connecting to other LDAP servers/endpoints on LDAP ports 389 and 636.

## Bug Fixes

**Offline reset setup failed**. Some users, while installing PRS client in some environments, received an exception message of “Too many automatic re-directions were attempted.” The exception blocked offline reset functionality, and the user received an error message reading, “Offline reset setup failed, verify application host URL is reachable and re-install PRS Windows Login Client.” The issue has been fixed in this release.

**Server not reachable**. After making changes in the custom resources folder, some users received an error message of, “Server not reachable.” The message was worded generically to protect the user from potential security vulnerabilities. But the server was always reachable, and the issue has been fixed in this release.

**PRS client 5.1.6 is not compatible with PRS server 5.2.00000 and higher**.

Customers on PRS client 5.1.6 must upgrade to PRS client 5.1.7 before they can upgrade to PRS server 5.2.00000 and higher. Click [Password Reset Server 5.1.7](https://updates.thycotic.net/passwordresetserver/Version_5_1_000007.zip) to download the installation file directly.

*Upgrade Path*: If you have 5.1.6 installed, upgrade to 5.1.7 and roll out the client that comes with 5.1.7 (client 5.3). Once the client rollout is complete, you can upgrade to any version.

If you have 5.1.5 or earlier installed, or 5.2 and later, you can upgrade directly to PRS 5.3.

**PRS Version Compatibility Table**

| Server Version | Client Version | Compatible? |
| :---: | :---: | :---: |
| 5.1.6 | 5.1.6 | Yes
| 5.1.6 | 5.3   | Yes
| 5.1.7 | 5.1.6 | Yes
| 5.1.7 | 5.3   | Yes
| 5.2.0 | 5.3   | Yes
| 5.2.0 | 5.2.0 | Yes
| 5.2.00001 | 5.3       | Yes
| 5.2.00001 | 5.2.0     | Yes
| 5.2.00001 | 5.2.00001 | Yes
| 5.3 | 5.3 | Yes
| 5.2.0 | 5.1.6 | **No**
| 5.2.00001 | 5.1.6      | **No**

## Notifications

### Phone Verification Method

During phone verification if your phone does not ring, please ensure that the following line is **not** in your `web.config` file:

`<add key="PhoneQuestionCaller.TypeName" value="Thycotic.Usizo.Business.MockPhoneQuestionsCaller"/>`

You might have to restart IIS after removing the line above.

### Configuration File

* For PRS 5.1.000006 and earlier, use the `web-appSettings.config` file to configure application settings.
* For PRS 5.1.000007 and later, use the `web.config` file to configure application settings
* When upgrading from a version of PRS that uses `web-appSettings.config` to a version that uses `web.config`,
please ensure that your values in the new `web.config` file match the values you had in the old `web-appSettings.config` file.

### SQL Timeout Settings

Microsoft recommends that SQL timeout be set to 15 seconds. However in some environments this may not be optimal and could cause latency issues. If you have seen latency or database timeout issues on your PRS installation, you could change this value from 15 seconds to 300 seconds or longer as needed.
If the SQL timeout setting `<add key="SQLTimeout" value ="15"/>` is missing (absent or removed) the default timeout will be set to 60 seconds.
